Welcome back.
Let's actually connect our server less framework to our AWOS profile.
Now the first thing we need to do is go back to AWOS and within our lambda function actually all the
way back to our dashboard let's just click over here.
In order to configure our profiles we have to use a service called I-AM and you'll have to use this
anytime you use any of the AWOS services and this controls permissions.
And in here I'm going to add a user and this user I'm going to say add a user.
I'm going to call it rankly and is thus should be fine lowside lambda here just so we know it's a lambda
function.
And I want to give it programmatic access.
That is it can access our lambda functions programmatically but we don't want them to access our management
dashboard over here.
This is just more secure.
We don't need to give it all that permissions so we hit next for permissions and you want to create
a permission group.
So in our case we're going to attach existing policies that Amazon has already come up with.
And if I search for functions or lambda functions we see that there's a couple of things that we can
do for now for demonstration purposes.
You have different options and I'll give you access information.
I'm just going to use the administrator access which is not necessarily the best idea in production
because that gives you admin access and you might not necessarily want to give that much permission
but you can decide for yourself which permissions you want when you're just testing though administrator
at Access's is fine.
And we'll click next.
We want to just review everything.
Good.
I'm going to see say create user.
And there you go.
We have success and it gave us an accessory and a secret key that we can now use to connect server less
to our highest profile.
So let's go back to our terminal and in here we have to write the command Salles config.
And this is something you just need to do initially once you do it then Service is already configured
for you.
We're going to put credentials and we're going to give it a few parameters.
First one is the provider that is AWOS because remember I can use Google I can use IBM Microsoft whatever
provider we want and then the next parameter is going to be key and we're going to give it the secret
key that we received here.
I'm going to just copy that.
The access skiddy
it's not going to pass that in here.
And then finally the secret and the secrets we're going to say show and copy that and pass it on here.
Let's press Enter
all right.
Look at that.
We've set up AWOS so that now any time we use the service framework it's attached to this profile on
a.
Awesome.
Now just to show you what's happening behind the scenes it actually created a folder called AWOS I believe.
Or hopes.
Now some we want to do.
It's in the root folder and it's a hidden file.
So it's got to be a W S and if we go in here let me clear this and do ls.
We see that we now have a credential file.
And if I open up the credentials file we see that we have our access ID and access key brightening here.
So that's how it knows that whenever we deploy or do anything with Amazon AWOS it's going to check this
file.
All right let's go back to what we had before.
Let's CD into our desktop and then it was called ranke perfect.
All right.
That's it.
We have our server desk connected to.
Yes.
We're all set to start writing some code I actually have our function do something so that we can use
it in our smart brain now.
I'll see in the next one.